Document magic incidents (#1998)
Uninett/Argus: docs/reference/special-incidents.rst

=================
Special incidents
=================

Overview of incidents that are generated by Argus itself.

Dummy incidents
===============

These are used for testing and development, and might be used to test filters
or notification destinations in production. They can be generated from the CLI
or via the admin, and can be both stateless and stateful depending on needs.

The source used falls back to "argus (argus)" but when the name of an existing
source is explicitly given, that source will be used instead.

Description
-----------

The description falls back to one of:

Stateful: "Incident INTEGER created via "create_fake_incident""

Stateless: "Incident (stateless) INTEGER created via "create_fake_incident""

> INTEGER is a randomly gnerated integer between 1 and 4 294 967 295 (inclusive)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
INTEGER is a randomly generated integer between 1 and 4 294 967 295 (inclusive)
```

set to or generated to.

Token expiry incidents
======================

These incidents are created when a DRF token is about to expire. There should
only ever be one open per source.

If the token for a source has been renewed, refreshed or replaced, the incident
is automatically closed.

Description
-----------

"Token for source system NAME will expire on DATE"

The NAME is both the name and type of a source.

The DATE is the calendar date the token expires, without time information.

Default level
-------------

2

Tags
----

* location=argus
* problem_type=token_expiry
* source_system_id=INTEGER
* object=INTEGER

The ``source_system_id`` tag takes a value that is the integer primary key of
a source system.

The ``object`` tag holds the integer value of the primary key of the generated
incident.

Missing heartbeat incidents
===========================

These stateful incidents may be generated when a source system has both the
fields ``heartbeat_frequency`` (a duration) and ``last_seen`` (a timestamp)
set.

If it is more than ``last_seen`` + ``heartbeat_frequency`` since the source
used the API, the incident is generated.

> If a previously marked source is back, th eincident is automatically closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a previously marked source is back, the incident is automatically closed.
```
